"Great film!"

"They've got free screenings here on the 19th and 20th, CANNOT wait. I've been waiting forever to see this."

"My favorite film of the year so far...seen it twice and both times I loved it. It's just one of those movies which puts a smile on your face...I'm almost considering going to see it again with a few people when it opens officially."

"Definitely looking forward to this one. The reviews (from schmoes and critics) make this sound like one promising film. There's been a lot of disappointments in 2008 so far, and I sincerely hope this isn't one of them."

"The plot outline alone has me INCREDIBLY intrigued!"

"I love Danny Boyle. The balls this man has to tackle such different material and subjects for every film he directs. This sounds phenomenal, I can't wait to see this one!"

"Right behing The Dark Knight as my favorite film of the year.Can't wait to see it again."

"I've got a free pass for Nov. 19 so I'll be seeing it then."

"The outstanding reviews really got me interested in this. Danny Boyle is the man. I havent disliked a single film I've seen of his."

"Ahhhh I can't wait to see this film! This movie and The Wrestler are my two most anticipated films of the year."

"I've got a free pass for Nov. 19 so I'll be seeing it then.Blast you!:p"

"I'm sure to be in the minority with my opinion, but I didn't get much out of the film. If it leaves a smile on the viewer's face, so be it. I don't think there's much to it, unless there's talk of the economic state of India, but it rockets through anything with subtext due to Boyle's hyperactive directorial style, like a kid racing through the aisles post-Christmas sale.It's a very thin, effervescent version of Oliver Twist, done Bollywood style -- capped off with an end credit number that'll have you DANCING IN THE AISLES. To borrow from another Dickens story, Bah humbug. To be fair, the scenes with adult Jamal on Who Wants to be a Millionaire? are pretty exciting, and there is some good cross cutting between a question he's asked and a childhood moment which allows him to connect the right answer. Unfortunately, this bit of serendipity makes his answers seem altogether calculated and the story contrived.The cutesy bit at the beginning with the mock answers has one of them listed as D. It is written. Another character repeats that; I think the whole movie was overly written, but it's a fable. And, that's another problem I have with the film -- the menace, the harsh interrogation scenes in the opening, have no power because the acts of chance throughout the film don't make that particular menace feel anymore real, just cheapened. Plus, other than the main character, I didn't get much out of anybody else, in particular Salim, whose pretty much a one-note big brother obsessed with money (All I wanna do is (boom boom boom) and (ching) and take your money, sings M.I.A. from the now tired Paper Planes song used on this soundtrack). The trajectory of the brothers involves them bickering, making up for the time being and going their separate ways, with Salim going the thug life and Jamal taking the straight and narrow. I think the way the story handles Salim -- and the shot of the bathtub filled with money -- didn't move me any way, and he's a thin character.On the plus side, Danny Boyle directs the shit out of the film. Out of the grungy squalor of Anthony Dod Mantle's cinematography comes the simply gorgeous Frieda Pinto. Like I said above, there's not much to her other than the winds of fate blowing her from squalid living to squalid living, with Jamal being her prince in shining Sherwani."

"Blast you!:p Hey, just goes go the movie's website and you can get a free pass too.I did the same thing for Juno last year, but I didn't end up going because it would open just a few days later and I'd rather just spend the money on seeing the movie rather than spending the 12 bucks it would cost for the train ride to Philly and back home."

"I'll be at the Philly screening on the 19th as well. And, Danny Boyle will be there after for a Q&A, which is terribly exciting.We should say hey, ilovemovies."

"This is getting rave reviews. I may track it down this weekend"

"What irritated me most about this film was the direction, which I can't say for many other films. Usually it's the script or the acting, but even though the film had those problems, it was Danny Boyle's direction that I couldn't get past. When he goes for the slow-mo, familiar-face-among-a-sea-of-people style, and he goes for it a lot, the movie looks like an Enrique Iglesias video. I've seen Bollywood films, and this is a trademark of Bollywood films, but the thing is - I don't like Bollywood movies. They are hokey and melodramatic and full of terrible dialogue. So if Boyle was going for that, he nails it. I thought the whole notion of Jamal and Latika being some Romeo and Juliet couple was ridiculous. They barely have a conversation in this film and we're supposed to root for them as star-crossed lovers. They're kids and they'll probably hate each other in a couple of years. I also didn't buy Salim and Jamal as brothers and the Shakespearean twist in that tale was embarrassing to watch. What was good was teructure and the way a game show was used to tell a person's life. Good idea, bad execution."

"In regards to where it goes with the love story - I think you have valid points and I've said earlier in my thoughts on the film that I didn't buy the love story as much and that a third act reversal by a certain character rings somewhat falsely - but works in the context of where the film goes."

"But I am surprised about your irritation with Boyle's direction - I thought the film was phenomenally directed. What makes the film for me is that it is so completely visceral - the canted angles, the shutter speed changes, everything in the film just combines for one of the most energetic and kinetic films of the year. Slumdog Millionaire is not a deep movie on any level. It really is - a fable. Where it goes at the end is pure Bollywood artifice and that's part of why I think it's so great. The whole film feels like a fusion of Western and Eastern culture - both in the direction, the story, and in the surroundings (the slums vs the highrises, the millionaire gameshow against the squalor and poverty of the population), and that clash is part of what makes the film have the power it does."

"Boyle is clearly aware of this - the casting of Bollywood icons as well as a famous Bollywood composer for the music makes it even more obvious. And the end credits make that *really* obvious. I think the scenes in Mumbai are fascinating in and of themselves because of the sprawl - I read a comment somewhere from someone who actually lives in Mumbai who mentioned that they were impressed with how much Boyle captured Mumbai and the fact that almost no Indian films even capture it accurately because no one will shoot in the city due to how overcrowded it is and how hard it is to actually film things there (Boyle did a lot of guerrilla-style shooting from what I've heard)."

"Boyle completely immersed himself in the culture and it shows. It feels like the most respectful foreign film made about a culture in a long time. Not just films that set scenes in another country that are essentially the same as always. But a film that actually immerses itself into another culture completely. The story is a classic rags-to-riches story but that's what pulls me in so easily. This is the first film since Children of Men to literally make me sit on the edge of my seat watching for what happens next (at least for the first full hour). And the sweet and happy ending is the only way to finish things off, imo, to make the movie a complete portrait of India and the culture - with all its quirks, flaws, and charms."

"I think the last part of David Edelstein's review sums up what I'm saying probably the best:"

"In her mature incarnation, Latika is played by Freida Pinto and is impossibly model-gorgeous. Thatís the point at which Slumdog Millionaire becomes floridly romantic ó and even more superficial. The actors play it big: I get the feeling that when ìAction!î is called on a Danny Boyle movie, the metronome is ticking ó they have to register emotion fast. But Boyle has something up his sleeve: As the film grows less gritty and more formulaic, it becomes more Bollywood: Colors pop out, music swells, the morally ambivalent characters atone. He even ends with a big production number, a song and dance featuring the grown-up leads along with the little kids who played them in earlier scenes. With its riches, romance, and wondrous sense of destiny, Slumdog Millionaire has an ingenious subtext: The capricious, teasing god of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? is kicked off the screen by the exuberant god of Bollywood. The whole thing is irresistibly preposterous."

"I don't think it was as respectful of the Indian culture as you say it was. It is no more respectful of other cultures as movies like Babel and Blood Diamond - i.e. seeped in Western liberal guilt and told through Western eyes. The authenticity was lost as soon as the two brothers wake up in front of the Taj Mahal one day speaking fluent English with perfect diction. These two 'slumdogs' who are orphaned, destitute, illiterate - are suddenly Westernized with no explanation. And what about the scene where a tour guide beats Jamal up and the two tourists say something ridiculous along the lines of Well, this is how Americans act! and fork over some dollars. What the hell was that?"

"I think capturing Bollywood flavor is as pointless on its own as Quentin Tarantino capturing the grindhouse feel of the 70's. The movie actually has to be good, and I didn't think this one was."

"Like I said, I think it's a fusion between Western and Eastern styles. I'm not saying it is so utterly respectful of the Indian culture that it is an Indian film - cause I wouldn't want that, anyway. I'm not a big fan of Bollywood myself - usually."

"Perhaps, a more clear thing for me to say is that I think the Westernized parts of the film are met halfway by the more Indian elements, and I think Boyle is completely respectful in the way he tries to steep his Western film in so much Indian culture. I don't deny there are Western elements in the film but that fusion between the two elements is part of why I think the film has such a power to it. To deny the Western elements in the film would be to ring false, I think, to Boyle himself."

"I think that's very different than a movie like Blood Diamond which (while entertaining), was borne entirely out of (and I agree with you on this) Western liberal guilt."

"I'm not saying capturing Bollywood flavor is all that's necessary to make this a great film either. Again, it's the melding between the Bollywood and Hollywood elements that makes this a unique and interesting film."

"I've said before about seeing it at TIFF that I don't think it's without flaws. But the film is such a joyous and entertaining experience that I'm willing to forgive it those flaws. I thought The Wrestler was actually the better movie of the ones I saw at TIFF, but this was and still is my favorite of the year."

"Wow I am a little shocked at some of the negative criticisms here. I absolutely adored this film. It takes an idea thats really as old as time i.e. predestined love and gives a vibrant and fresh takes. I absolutely loved the direction and visuals that were loose wild and absolutely intoxicating that showed India in all its different forms. It never shyed away from some of the ugly aspects of India but I think people looking at this film for a self-serious sermon like Blood Diamond are way way off base. The is a parable or fantasy that takes place in the real world. The love story is completely idealized but also works. I loved these characters and wanted to see them win. I actually got choked up a little bit at the end and the dance number was a perfect capper. I don't see how this was disrespectful for the Indian culture."

"I also thought the story structure with using the questions as frames was brilliant and the last question while i expected it was brilliant. This is a film we need more of these days. Its overwhelmingly uplifting but its also audacious, smart, and exciting."

"Yes it has its flaws with its slow middle and loud but great soundtrack but this film is an overwhelming experience that I loved."

"Slumdog joins Dear Zachary and Wall E as the only two films that brought tears to my eyes."

"good movie."

"I think some of you guys are looking into this a tad too much, about the cultures and such. It is what it is....a fable, a feel good story - and that's pretty much what it does."

"did anyone else think the older Salim belonged in billie jean video?"

"It's strange. I feel like I should love this film. I feel like I want to love this film. In fact, though, I did not. For the most part, I found it all very mediocre. The film is told in such broad strokes, that it all feels so shallow and empty. I feel like I barely know or care about any of the characters, which hinders both the emotions the film wants me to feel, and the major love story, which I see as a massive flaw because these two characters barely spend any real time together, they have absolutely no chemistry, and Latika barely has a character at all. She's more of a plot point and an empty vessel than anything. And essentially we are supposed to be rooting for them to get together. On top of the major story problems, while I think the film is competently shot and directed, I feel like for this particular story and this type of film, it is completely over-directed. The fast cuts, the slow frame rate, the colorful subtitles, the constant reuse of glamour shots of the empty Latika... it all feels so forced, despite how technically lovely it is. And, on top of that, certain music selections, in particular Paper Planes and then on top of that a remix of it, just completely took me out of the film and felt completely out of context."

"I definitely see why the film is getting high praise. The story itself, in a general sense, is rather lovely and extremely uplifting. And on a technical level, it is in many ways masterful, just in my mind completely wrong for this film. It's sad to me that the film that may finally get Danny Boyle, one of my absolute favorite directors, the recognition he deserves is one of his weaker ones."

"I ended up not going to the free screening but since you were there, was Danny Boyle there for a Q&A after the movie?"

"I ended up not going to the free screening but since you were there, was Danny Boyle there for a Q&A after the movie?
Yeah, he was. He was very funny and charming, and very eloquent about his passions and his choices and the experience of making the film. Great guy."

"A lot of people did get turned away from the screening, though."

"I have a soft spot in my heart for triumph of the human spirit films and novels.
Slumdog Millionaire is not a perfect film but i definitely found the film involving and moving for the most part.Jamal Malik( Dev Patel)excels on the game show Who Wants to be A Millionaire? but the game show host (Anil Kapoor) and the police( Irfan Khan and Saurabh Shukla )who arrest and torture Jamal cant fathom how a lowly tea servant can be so smart.
Jamal begins to tell the police his life story of loss,survival,scams,and how he has attained his knowledge of Indian and American cultures.
This is when the film is at its best young Jamal is portrayed by Ayush Mahesh Khedekar and his brother Salim by Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail.Their paths in life are marked by moments of humor and moments of pure terror,especially when coming under the evil wing of a Fagin like criminal.Jamal also falls in love with Latika portrayed Freida Pinto
Danny Boyle keeps the film moving with a fantastic and pulsating soundtrack and various looks at the landscape and people of India.
The pace of the film starts to slow down towards the end,and the Who Wants to be A Millionaire? becomes kind of a stiff bit.
But in the end SM is a very good film about loyalty,brotherhood,and love.
Very nice touches during the films closing credits.
Scale of 1-10 an 8"

"Yeah, he was. He was very funny and charming, and very eloquent about his passions and his choices and the experience of making the film. Great guy."

"A lot of people did get turned away from the screening, though.
Ah shit. I went to the screening on the 20th, so I guess he wasn't there for that one. Damn, that would've been awesome."

"Anywho, I liked it when I saw it, but I keep thinking about this movie and my opinion just keeps going up and up. I really want to see it again now. So many great moments. Inching towards a 9...? Perhaps."

"I drove over 120 km (there and back) yesterday to go and see this special with my friend and it was worth every goddamn minute of driving."

"It was a breathtaking and unbelievably thought out film. The best film of the year!"

"Rank: 10/10"

"I hate who wants to be a millionaire , i loathe bollywood films , but i like DB , so i may rent it , but i'm not liking what iv'e read so far , it doesn't sound like my type of film ."

"The good thing is , maybe this success can get the 28 sequel fast tracked , that's the real silver lining in this story :) ."

"wasnt this suppose to go on wide release Nov. 27? cuz its definatley not in my town and I am pissed"

"Dammit! I just found out it's playing near me, and i went to see Punisher instead:mad:."

"Ahhh well, I'll try tomorrow.:D"

"I'm gonna check it out today!"

"Another great film from Boyle. Vibrant and uplifting."

"A feel good rags-to-riches love story, nothing more, nothing less."

"I really liked this and give it a 9/10, and I made a poster for it too."

"http://img162.imageshack.us/img162/8...reposteej0.jpg"

"I think that's actually WAY better than the official poster...good on ya mate."

"My local theater FINALLY got this movie so I should be seeing it soon. Hopefully it lives up to the hype."

"I finally got to see this tonight. I thought it was a very good movie, although I don't think it should be the frontrunner for Best Picture of the year. I am however very glad to see Danny Boyle getting such high critical acclaim. Can't add much to what has already been said."

"Just finished it. Great movie. 8 maybe 9/10."

"I went to go see this tonight.... Fan-fucking-TASTIC movie! I absolutely loved it, just like I knew I would. Though Boyle has YET to disappoint me with any of his flicks. This should win some kind of award though, for sure."

"If I could use one word to describe this movie, I think the word MAGIC sums it up quite nicely."

"I didn't know what to expect going into this. What I ultimately got was a brilliant film that reminds me of Forrest Gump in so many ways. Well...that is...if Forrest were of normal intelligence and if he was raised in the Indian Slums. My basis for the comparison is that its tale of destiny is effectively told and you can't help but smile after watching this film. The film features a soundtrack by M.I.A. and it was directed by Danny Boyle of Trainspotting. Check it out if you want to watch a story that's well told. 8/10"

"I'm sure to be in the minority with my opinion, but I didn't get much out of the film. If it leaves a smile on the viewer's face, so be it. I don't think there's much to it, unless there's talk of the economic state of India, but it rockets through anything with subtext due to Boyle's hyperactive directorial style, like a kid racing through the aisles post-Christmas sale."

"It's a very thin, effervescent version of Oliver Twist, done Bollywood style -- capped off with an end credit number that'll have you DANCING IN THE AISLES. To borrow from another Dickens story, Bah humbug.
I think that you're absolutely right with the film is contrived. That's probably the film's largest weakness and it can be distracting."

"But I think this film is very minimally Bollywood. The only reason it can even be compared to a Bollywood film would be because of the end credits. The themes of destiny and poverty are very india, but the storytelling, action, romance, and humor is absolutely different than anything Bollywood puts out. I just wanted to put this out there because of the fact that part of the charm of this film has to do with the film is unique - not quite Bollywood, but different than anything we see stateside."

"This is playing at the cinematheque this weekend and I'm absolutely THRILLED to go see it... I've already ordered my ticket in advance, and I'm especially just excited to see what all the fuss is about. I'm going in pretty neutral since I'm seeing a lot of negative, anti-hype reviews right alongside the endless heaps of praise, so I'm curious. I'll strike back here once I've seen it...!"

"The film features a soundtrack by M.I.A. 8/10"

"Not true. She only did one song and contributed one song."

"Simply amazing, that is all"
"go see it."

"Simply amazing, that is all
go see it. If you think it sucked, your a retard and I will not pay attention to what you have to say ever again because you have ZERO taste in film
Hell yeah, Lazy Boy has no idea what he's talking about when it comes to film. He hasn't even seen London. The bastard!"

"Simply amazing, that is all
go see it. If you think it sucked, your a retard and I will not pay attention to what you have to say ever again because you have ZERO taste in film
You know that by saying this you really just make yourself look worse, right?"

"Also if you're going to call people retards then I feel I have the right to say it's you're and not your."

"Not true. She only did one song and contributed one song.
Probably could have chosen my words better. Regardless...she did two songs:"

"O...Saya and Paper planes. There were two versions of paper planes in the soundtrack (so a total of 3 songs for her). Of the artists on the soundtrack, though, M.I.A is probably the most world famous."

"The movie used other music, but it incorporated a lot of that music into the storyline. M.I.A's music was used most commonly as background tracks."

"M.I.A's music was used most commonly as background tracks."

"In only 3 scenes. Plus, Paper Planes wasn't done for the movie it came out last year."

"Simply amazing, that is all
go see it. If you think it sucked, your a retard and I will not pay attention to what you have to say ever again because you have ZERO taste in film
http://www.joblo.com/forums/announcement.php?f=7"

"Quote:
1) You do not disrespect, insult or put down your fellow movie fan on our board. Civil debates only.
:rolleyes:"

"http://www.joblo.com/forums/announcement.php?f=7"

":rolleyes:
That comment wasn't directed at anyone in particular,
It was in general to everyone I hear in life or online."

"Why weren't you around warning people in the other threads where I was being bashed beyond belief?"

"Strange.......... :rolleyes:"

"Why weren't you around warning people in the other threads where I was being bashed beyond belief?"

"Strange.......... :rolleyes:
I had tried getting threads back on track."

"If you feel harassed, you have the right to use this function: http://i43.tinypic.com/33autxu.jpg"

"Meh. Didnt really understand what all the hype was about. If this actually wins Best Picture at the Oscars I will shit a brick."

"Its not that its a bad film but hardly a great one. In the end its just kind of a Bollywood film.
I do respect Boyle for trying something different. I really like him as a director."

"A very generous 7/10"

"I had tried getting threads back on track."

"If you feel harassed, you have the right to use this function: http://i43.tinypic.com/33autxu.jpg
well....I'm not a pussy so I don't think I'll need that button. Im prone to handling things on my own."

"well....I'm not a pussy so I don't think I'll need that button. Im prone to handling things on my own.
I was just reminding you that the option is available. :)"

"Hahaha, look at this fuckin' guy."

"Out of all the recent crop of British filmmakers who have found major success stateside, Danny Boyle is one of the directors that has left a dramatic impression on me. Like most film addicts, I fell in love with the surrealist nightmares of Trainspotting, and from that early effort I became aware of Boyle's talents. I continued to enjoy his successive film efforts, including the two less-adored efforts A Life Less Ordinary and The Beach, his excellent zombie-like infection film 28 Days Later, and the art-house space film Sunshine. With Boyle's recent film, Slumdog Millionaire, Boyle has come closer than he ever has to making a conventional drama. However, in typical, oddball Boyle fashion, his idea of a conventional drama is a tale that combines Bollywood conventions, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, and even excrement-based humor."

"Millionaire is the tale of Jamal Malik, a young Hindi boy who has grown and matured in the rough slums of Mumbai who has become a contestant on Who Wants to be A Millionaire. The film begins with Jamal being interrogated by a pair of men who are associated with the show after concluding the show for the day and being only one question away from winning the grand prize on the show. Those who have organized the show are convinced that a lowly young man from the streets who now works at a call center would never be able to answer the questions he has been given correctly, and are anxious to prove that he is in fact cheating at the game. The film then shows Jamal's answers on the show; however, this is where the film takes an intriguing turn. For every correct answer that Jamal provides, the film portrays how Jamal learned the information that is requested of him on the show through his rough-and-tumble life in the slums. This structure in the film is certainly unorthodox, but it works beautifully in the context of the film. This movie at no point feels like a simple film about a cheesy game show; it is a detective story, with Boyle providing the clues visually that will clear Jamal's name. And despite the fact that the audience is already aware as to whether Jamal's responses are going to be right or wrong, the film's ability to build suspense and tension in the game show scenes is amazing."

"And the technique in the film? Terrific. Yes, Boyle does have some conventions he seems to use a little excessively; I don't know if I have ever seen this many dutch-angle shots in any movie, except for maybe Terry Gilliam (for those unfamiliar, a dutch-angle shot is a tilted shot that is used often in horror to create a feeling of disorientation)."

"With that said, the technique works in this picture, as the world that Jamal comes from is a bizarre and alien one from the game show hot seat he is inhabiting through the rest of the film. One scene in particular where Jamal is banging on the door of his childhood friend only to have a gun pulled on him was particulary shot in an outstanding manner. It is very apparent Boyle is comfortable behind the camera and knows how to construct scenes in an edgy and skillful manner."

"The cast of this film also deserves tremendous accolade. With very few (and extremely brief) exceptions, the cast is composed of Indian actors, and the cultural difference of the actors does not subtract from the film in any way; if anything, it was intriguing to see such a terrific and thrilling film composed with a cast that wasn't the same George Clooneys and Julia Roberts that we are used to. At the center of these great performances is Dev Patel as the resilient hero of the picture. Patel exudes an everyman quality that makes him seem very relatable even when he is going through situations only a handful of people could ever have a prayer of relating to. Upon reviewing IMDB it was revealed that Patel has had very little previous professional acting experience, but I am hoping to see more of him after this film, because he really has a screen presence about him."

"One of the great joys that I experience on some occasions with cinema is when a film is made around a concept that doesn't sound fascinating in the least, but the elements manage to come together to create a captivating picture. Slumdog Millionaire is an example of such a film, and the fact that this film defied all of my expectations to succeed reflects the spirit of the film itself."

"8/10. On the whole a fantastic film and something very original but there were some things that just didn't sit right with me."

"some things that just didn't sit right with me.
Can you put a finger on what you didn't like? I can probably take a guess, but I'm curious what you have to say."

"Absolutely adore this film. Slumdog Millionaire is one of the most memorable movie-going experiences Iíve had the pleasure of having all year. From its bravura technical triumphs to its endearing storytelling, I was simply enraptured by every single minute it had to offer. I related with Jamal, I fell in love with Latika, and when it was finished I wanted to experience it all over again."

"I don't quite understand the intense affection for this film. I found it to be very good but not great. It felt very Forrest Gump to me, in that it flashbacked to a character's many adventures that led them to where they are today. The Who Wants to Be A Millionaire angle was an interesting twist on fairly unoriginal overall plot. It was definitely told in an interesting way. Boyle really does immerse us in the real India and I appreciate that. But overall I just didn't feel like it was exceptional in any way. Nothing really popped out as being masterful. I don't understand the small buzz that Patel is getting for his performance either. Like the film, it was good, but nothing special or awards-worthy."

"I do like Boyle though, and am glad to see him getting some major acclaim, even if I liked previous efforts by him more."

"I think that's actually WAY better than the official poster...good on ya mate.
I agree!"

"Amazing and inspirational and heart-braking and everything in between. If it wasn't for the unbelivable Wrestler it would be the film of the year. 9/10"

"Can you put a finger on what you didn't like? I can probably take a guess, but I'm curious what you have to say."

"I felt the change of the brother at the end was very unnatural. He was too wishy washy the whole film for my taste, anyway, but I couldn't help but roll my eyes when he Latika the keys."

"Thought this movie was incredibly breathtaking, and Boyle NEEDS to get recognized for doing an awesome job directing this movie. One of the best of the year, it was just a great job overall."

"This films was outstanding. I loved every minute of it. Nice to see Danny Boyle still has it in him to make a great film."

"I'm the first to admit when I'm wrong. And I think with Slumdog Millionaire, I was definitely wrong. I had to see the film again, for some reason it was eating me up inside. And now I know why. This time, I saw it through different eyes. The contrivances that bothered me so greatly, and they are still there, the style that I thought didn't work, and oh boy does it, all washed away, and I was swept away into this buoyant and joyous fairly tale parable. The answer to my issues were right there in the film. D. it was written. Each and every moment of Jamal Malik's life led up to that final moment with Latika, and it is oh so sweet. It doesn't even matter that they never really spent time together, their relationship was built on longing and the idea of each other, and what being together represented as opposed to their old life. The sheer verve of filmmaking present here, Danny Boyle is an absolute master (and this I always knew, he's always been one of my favorites), and the great help of bringing India to life that I'm sure Loveleen Tandan contributed is magic. And A.R. Rahman's score, as produced by M.I.A. (yes, yes, paper planes) which is so energetic and bold that you would swear most of it is source music sets the tone and the mood so well. But it is Dev Patel, who is really just a revelation here, that truly makes the film work. I was with him every step of the way. So yeah, I was wrong. Very very wrong. But that's okay. I've seen the light now, and I get why everyone was flipping out over this film. It still has problems, but they're so insignificant as compared to the striking impact the film has, and the absolutely beauty within. Oh well."

"I have to admit Slumdog Millionaire is a damn good movie. Great performances, interesting story, great direction and and the ending was touching. I feel like watching it again also."

"pa! rubbish"

"this is a great movie. I enjoyed every minute of it. I was expecting an empty theatre but it was full. all that was left were the three or four rows in the front and even those got filled up by the time the movie started. I think danny boyle has managed to create two of the most disgusting scenes ever created. rememeber the bathroom scene from trainspotting? gross! those of you who have seen it know what scene I'm talking about."

"I saw this last week... It may be because of the hype, but I didn't think it was amazing like a lot of you did. It was a very good movie.. 8/10 from me... but it doesn't deserve best picture, IMO. I'm a big fan of Danny Boyle, and he did a good job with the film, but I didn't feel drawn in by the story as much as I expected to be. Overall though, pretty damn good."

"I finally watched it and I was well impressed. I didn't quite get a few things though.
He used his first lifeline on a fucking stupidly easy question. Anyone who wasn't retarded could get that.
Secondly, the reason for him getting that inventor of revolver answer was a bit shit. Same with Benjamin Franklin.
Despite these, I loved the film. 9/10."

"I finally watched it and I was well impressed. I didn't quite get a few things though.
He used his first lifeline on a fucking stupidly easy question. Anyone who wasn't retarded could get that.
Secondly, the reason for him getting that inventor of revolver answer was a bit shit. Same with Benjamin Franklin.
Despite these, I loved the film. 9/10.
This was intentional. That's why they were suspicious of him."

"The entire point of all this is that it was written that he would be victorious. It was fate."

"The brilliance of this movie lies in its storytelling; the movie is presented practically perfectly. You're so invested in the main character and the situation he's in that you can't help but watch and see how things turn out for him. The use of flashback is used perfectly, whether you're watching him on the game show or watching his explanations of how he knew the answers. You're emotionally invested in the characters' plights, motives, situations. A really great movie to watch."

"Really cool end credits too."

"Many have been hailing Slumdog Millionaire as the feel-good film of the year. But in fact, it is far from it: While its final message may be heartwarming and uplifting, most of the film shows us a dark, gritty portrayal of people in our modern world living in the most difficult of circumstances. The exotic depiction of the real India as it is referred to in the film is unique and beautiful; frightening and magical; energetic and lively while at the same time shocking and mesmerizing. Boyle gives this depiction an unprecedentedly skillful portrayal, featuring energetic cinematography and featuring wonderful performances from a very diverse cast, many of whom are local non-actors delivering lines in Hindu. And screenwriter Simon Beaufoy has framed this depiction with a wonderful story of a young slumdog winning the grand prize while playing on the Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? television game show program, his knowledge of the answers to the questions deriving from his various, colourful experiences as a young man growing up in the harshest circumstances Mumbai has to offer."

"Joy, this is finally coming to my local cinema this week (was starting to think it wouldn't). While I don't expect it to have the same effect on me that Sunshine did from what I've seen it looks like he's got another winner on his hands.
I can't wait to go and see this movie. From what I hear it is great."

"EDsoulsurvive* 	01-07-2009 07:09 PM
Really really enjoyed this movie. I thought the idea was original and the execution was very interesting. Danny Boyle took advantage of the films Indian setting and the tension of that stupid millionaire TV show. Those scenes reminded me of watching the Regis Philbin edition with my mom and how into it she always was. This contributed to the warm, happy glow Slumdog emitted, despite the (awesome) scenes of torture, betrayal, and poverty. While it wasn't the masterful achievement critical praise had me expecting, Slumdog was still one of the better movies of 2008; and with other recent disappointments (Ben Button was pretentious and unnecessary) it's the can of redbull in a frig of diet colas that fills this years Oscar frig. (yeah I know that was awful, but I think it's a fitting description)"

"Joy, this is finally coming to my local cinema this week (was starting to think it wouldn't). While I don't expect it to have the same effect on me that Sunshine did from what I've seen it looks like he's got another winner on his hands.
I hope you're not going into this flick expecting a Sunshine-like movie; two polar opposite movies if ever there were. Which is what impresses me about Danny Boyle . . . the man can direct in any genre."

"I hope you enjoy the movie."

"great movie, but the dancing in the end credits was uncalled for."

"Yes the dancing was one of the most ridiculous things I've ever seen. My friends and I just laughed."

"i loved this movie,i went in worried i was majorly dissapointed by sunshine and to be honest heard a lot about its bollywood style and that too did not make me excited.
i could not be any more wrong its story held me from start to finish i felt like i had gone though every emotion,the acting too especially dev patel who i always found irratating in skins(brit tv show) was excellent.
it does not quite come up to trainspotting standards but its not far off,i feel this will be one of those movies that will become a favourate for a lot of people."

"Yeah, when I saw this November I wasn't exactly blown away by it. The script was mostly bad, the editing rambunctious, and big chunks of it looked like a really bad music video, but it had enough heart to be redeemable and was overall an enjoyable experience."

"But as the Winter films went by and the really good ones missed seats on the hype train, while really bad ones are riding it right to the Kodak (Button, Nixon, etc.), I'm starting to see Slumdog in a better light."

"well....I'm not a pussy so I don't think I'll need that button. Im prone to handling things on my own.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWZrVGi7lj8"

"To be honest I've always like Boyle but the one two punch of Sunshine and this has made me an even bigger fan."

"Also I'm shocked the dancing at the end isn't working for people. I loved it and I thought it fit the whimsical tone remarkabely well."

"its awesome to see that Boyle can hit up pretty much all genres and do a fantastic job. Sunshine and Slumdog, still two completely different movies, i have enjoyed SO much and thought that he has done an excellent job directing each. He is one of the most underrated IMO, and hopefully this movie gives him some more mainstream access."

"Great movie. Best of the year? No. Deserving of winning Best Picture? No. A perfect mix of light and darkness. While some might think it was in poor taste or goofy you have to remember that the movie is seen through the eyes of children the entire time. And not just any children. These are kids that live a harsh reality, a day by day survival, so the idea of throwing a bit of magic dust and fairy-tale-esque moments is not in poor taste at all. I don't expect everyone to get this, if you didn't like it that's fine by me, I do think the film is overrated in a way, but don't judge it so blindly. It's a simple story in a world of chaos. Jamal is still an innocent boy who believes in love above all things, it's what moves him. So, yeah, it might be a little bit exaggerated, but what's wrong with that? This is NOT Schindler's List. I think it's important to understand or know a little about what happens in the world outside the pretty suburbia in order to appreciate this completely. That's why I thought the scene where the Americans give money to Jamal was hilariously accurate. It's simply a reality not everyone is aware of or able to understand. Danny Boyle's direction is once again fantastic. The technical aspects, flawless. And the musical score is beyond excellent. I liked this movie because it showed the possibility of a happy ending in an unlikely world. Fairy tales are possible outside Disney too."

"Great movie. Best of the year? No. Deserving of winning Best Picture? No. A perfect mix of light and darkness. While some might think it was in poor taste or goofy you have to remember that the movie is seen through the eyes of children the entire time. And not just any children. These are kids that live a harsh reality, a day by day survival, so the idea of throwing a bit of magic dust and fairy-tale-esque moments is not in poor taste at all. I don't expect everyone to get this, if you didn't like it that's fine by me, I do think the film is overrated in a way, but don't judge it so blindly. It's a simple story in a world of chaos. Jamal is still an innocent boy who believes in love above all things, it's what moves him. So, yeah, it might be a little bit exaggerated, but what's wrong with that? This is NOT Schindler's List. I think it's important to understand or know a little about what happens in the world outside the pretty suburbia in order to appreciate this completely. That's why I thought the scene where the Americans give money to Jamal was hilariously accurate. It's simply a reality not everyone is aware of or able to understand. Danny Boyle's direction is once again fantastic. The technical aspects, flawless. And the musical score is beyond excellent. I liked this movie because it showed the possibility of a happy ending in an unlikely world. Fairy tales are possible outside Disney too."

"perfectly said"

"Danny Boyle has got to be the only man on the planet who could possibly have kept me interested in watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire for two hours."

"Just finished my fourth viewing of this movie just now. I have to say this movie gets better and better with each viewing. Everything about it is excellent."

"I saw this film Friday, and while it was well done, I couldn't help but feel let down by it. While I found its depiction of India to be incredibly eye-opening, I found it somewhat distant. I found myself enjoying the scenes with Dev Patel more than any of the other actors, save for Irfan Khan. Boyle's direction was immensely impressive, and his repertoire continues to expand with every film. Still, something was missing. For that, I cannot say that this is as deserving of the awards it has received than some of the other contenders may be."

"This movie is further proof that my love for Danny Boyle is not unfounded despite what many would have me believe. It's manages to be a gritty and dark film and a heartwarming, feel good film at the same time and that's no easy feat to accomplish."

"Danny Boyle has got to be the only man on the planet who could possibly have kept me interested in watching Who Wants to be a Millionaire for two hours.
Agreed"

"Finally got see this. I thought it was a good movie, but not really great. It really lacked at tugging at my emotional strings. The acting just wasn't where it needed to be for me to be invested in the drama. I enjoyed the first half better than the second. Of course, you're going to be drawn in more emotionally to the children's story because of the dangers they encounter. Overall, it's exactly the kind of film I expected it to be. I didn't really love the choppy editing... it got annoying after a while. There was a cut after every two seconds and it just broke the flow of scenes. Reminded me of Tony Scott's approach to editing."

"I really liked the first half. I liked how they focused it on the kids trying to get by to make a living. It had funny moments in contrast to the darker times like when they encounter Maman. What I didn't buy was the turning point when Salim points the gun at his brother and is intended to rape Latika. I just didn't buy it at all and it felt like a plot contrivance to have Jamal separated from Latika once again. Salim did a lot for his brother and then he backstabs him just because he's in a new gang now? Doesn't make much sense to me. They helped each other out and were very close... it just didn't feel natural to the characters."

"The love story itself was just okay. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. That's my impression with the film overall... I found it enjoyable and entertaining, but not much more than that."

"Oh, and about the ending dance number... it just felt tacked on because it's set in India. That's about it. It was more like Boyle just did it for fun but had nothing to do with the story itself."

"I didn't like the plot of this film that much. It felt like the film, stylistically, wanted to be some sort of City of God set in India, and those were definitely the better elements... but the plotline was not really that good. The mixture of gritty elements with fairy-tale and destiny didn't work for me, some of the characters changed too much, and the jumps between time periods were too large. The best part of the film was the first hour, with the younger characters doing their thing and less of the Who Wants To Be A Millionaire plotline, but the rest was markedly inferior. It was still somewhat appealing and the ending gelled well. I'd give it a recommendation."

"If not for The Dark Knight, this would be my favorite film of the year. Holy shit I loved the shit out of this film."

"I want to go see it the next chance I get. As much as I loved Button, I would not be at all upset if this won best picture. I'll be happy with either Fincher or Boyle taking home the best director also. I will have to give the egde to Slumdog though. It hit me more on an emotional level than Button(and I almost cried in Curious Case when the daughter was reading the letters from her father)."

"def lived up to the hype"

"I think I might like this more when I see it again... I saw it a month ago or so, after one of the Joblo staff members had it number one on their top ten list, and I was expecting to be blown away. I thought it was very good, but not fantastic or anything. I've aleady posted on here that I gave it an 8/10... but I'm anxious to see it again now that I'm not expecting a masterpiece."

"I definately don't think it was the best of the year, but I don't think it deserves to be called this year's Crash. It's a much better film than that, IMO."

"Out of the films nominated, this film deserves the oscar the most. I hope it wins it."

"Out of the films nominated, this film deserves the oscar the most. I hope it wins it.
Agreed."

"AWESOME to hear that so many more schmoes are starting to show more love for Slumdog. While I still have a few more films to see (Rachel Getting Married, The Reader, Che), this is by far my favorite film of 2008. No other film from last year had me as enraptured in its fervor as Slumdog did, and watching it was easily the one of the most deeply touching experiences I've ever had at the theater. Ah, I adore this movie."

"Slumdog Millionaire - 9/10"

"Critics were raving, I got excited. Schmoes started complaining that this wasn't worthy of its praise, I got discouraged. Sorry my fellow schmoes (not all of you, but some of you), but I have to side with the critics. Slumdog Millionaire isn't the best film of 2008, but it is still an excellent film. This film is filled with so much energy and is unbelievably kinetic. I was worried that the film would be too lighthearted, but this depicted the slums in India very, very well and the film was quite dark. There really was a perfect balance of everything. Darkness, happiness, sadness... it was all there. It's incredibly entertaining and moving, and it's a film I look forward to seeing again."

"You all know the story, so I won't bore you with details, but it really is a well told story. The first half is really the highlight of the film, where we get a City of God type story, though less violent. It was heartbreaking and also moving to see Jamal and his troubled brother Salim at a young age, going through all the hardships of living in the slums. The two young actors that play young Jamal and Salim are very good and I hope they enjoy the Academy Awards and their visit to America this weekend (I read an article about it in the newspaper this morning). The train sequence that ends that part of Jamal and Salim's lives before we are introduced to them a few years later, is absolutely breathtaking and the song choice was brilliant. The second half, while still very good, isn't quite as good as the first half. The love story has its good and not so good moments, but in the end I thought it was pretty moving. On a side note, the whole Who Wants to Be a Millionaire aspect of it works perfectly throughout."

"Dav Patel gives a solid performance as an older Jamal. He's not spectacular or Oscar worthy, but he was pretty good. Freida Pinto isn't in the movie for very long, but she does a good job as an older Latika. Ayush Mahesh Khedekar and Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail really make the film IMO. Their performances are so raw and real, and casting these kids randomly from the slums in India was a brilliant decision. Ashutosh Lobo Gajiwala was also very good, powerful and convincing as the middle Salim. So overall, the acting is pretty good, but the young actors really bring it."

"Now, before today I was hoping to God that David Fincher would pull of a Best Director win at this years Oscars, believing that Danny Boyle would not come close and probably didn't deserve it. Well, the whole don't judge a film until you've seen it really comes into play in this situation. Boyle's direction is absolutely fantastic. He completely captures the essence of the slums in India, and the film is so goddamn kinetic and full of life, that I would really be very happy if either Fincher or Boyle won. Both did fabulous jobs. The film flows very well and is edited to perfection. This was obviously not an easy film to edit, but it was edited extremely well. I hope it wins Best Editing tomorrow night."

"So overall, Slumdog Millionaire, although maybe not quite worthy of all the awards it will probably win, is definitely worthy of most of them, including Best Picture and Best Director (keep in mind I still have to see Milk and Frost/Nixon, both of which I will be seeing between now and tomorrow night). It's a breathtaking film, filled with so much life. It's extremely well made, very interesting and immensely entertaining. I highly recommend it and I hope it does well at the Oscars."

"On my first viewing I gave this an 8... I had such high expectations and didn't really know what to expect. It was such a well-made film by Boyle.. he was one of my favorites before this, and he's only cemented his place there now. It may be alittle cheesy at times, but Slumdog is an excellent story and was absolutely captivating, even moreso the second time around."

"A second viewing bumped up my score as well. From a 7 to an 8. A wonderfully vibrant film."

"I still think the movie is being marketed very misleadingly. It is a great film, sure, and I enjoyed it very much. But..."

"But a lot of what happens in this film is deeply unpleasant and a very serious indictment of Indian culture - specifically in Mumbai - which needs to be addressed."

"Dev Patel was on the Jonathon Ross show last week. He talked about what a wonderful, spiritual place India is, and how the slums of Mumbai were vibrant, fantastical communities. He said it was a place for people who like people. (Or words to that effect)."

"I'm sure that is probably true for parts of Mumbai, but the film also shows some of the most terrible things that people do to survive - you know what I am talking about - and this Indian kid's success has been foregrounded as a triumph of the human spirit."

"Well, yeah. And what about those who don't make it?"

"I gave it a solid 8/10 after I watched it, but the more I think about it the more I think: what about the other people in the film? Who is helping them?"

"Pretty Woman made prostitution look like the world's best job; no disease, you get to meet rich men who sweep you off your feet...."

"Slumdog makes abject poverty look aspirational."

"Slumdog Millionaire is a masterwork of filmmaking craft. It is an integrated mix of arthouse drama and uplifting, inspirational Hollywood tale set in a completely new and original setting (for most Americans). Virtually everything about this film works, from sound and video editing, to directing, to the script, to music, to acting. The movie tells a wonderful, utterly compelling story and you are guaranteed to leave the theater with a smile on your face, without later feeling like you've been manipulated, as is the case with many Hollywood films. This is a film I would recommend to anyone. My only real complaint is that this film takes place in a world completely foreign to most Americans, and much of the story is deeply rooted in Indian culture, yet the filmmakers make very few attempts to explain these cultural elements of the story to us, sometimes forcing us to play catch up. There are only a few instances where this is a problem, however, and hardly detracts from the film at all. See this movie as soon as you can!"

"Exceptionally outstanding"

"evil movie characters"

"Absolutely dire! Well maybe that's a bit harsh but after all the hype and award nomation / wins you'ld have expected something epically brilliant and amazing. Instead what you have is an incredibly bland, slow, obvious and predictable film. And if that wasn't enough the main actor was terribly poor (the young child actors were the best thing in this!) and the rest of the cast nothing special. A terrible premise for a film, told in such an unbelievable manner. There was nothing good about this film, at best you could call it average but even then you'ld be being generous."

"I loved it, Im glad it got best picture. Danny Boyle's one of my favorite directors and this movie just reaffirms that. Dev Patel and Frieda Pinto are two young actors to watch, the kids were also really good. Ill be picking up a copy of this when it comes out on Bluray on the 31st"

"I think it's important to understand or know a little about what happens in the world outside the pretty suburbia in order to appreciate this completely.
You know people from slums have complained about the movie a lot right? This movie doesn't show you what happens outside suburbia; it shows you what white british people think happens in one of their former colonies. Edward Said would have had a fucking seizure if he saw this movie."

"This isn't to say a dumb movie can't be enjoyable."

"You know people from slums have complained about the movie a lot right? This movie doesn't show you what happens outside suburbia; it shows you what white british people think happens in one of their former colonies. Edward Said would have had a fucking seizure if he saw this movie."

"This isn't to say a dumb movie can't be enjoyable.
Dude, if you want realism, you won't be seeing too many movies. And, as far as I know, there aren't too many people involved in the actual making of the film who have claimed they were trying to be entirely realistic."

"As for the people who ARE claiming the movie to be realistic, yeah, they need to do some research. Though much of the film is based in what I would consider realistic situations, the movie is a fictional drama and distorts realism whenever they feel like it will heighten the drama, as about 98% of movies will do."

"a lot of the people from the slums who complained were complaining about the title, calling them dogs.. i haven't heard much complaint about the actual movie."

"Has anyone heard the lame cover version by the Pussycat Dolls that's been playing in the TV commercials for Slumdog Millionaire now?"

"Bleh. Talk about useless."

"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_7AyQpsukM"